# README

These scripts generate the graph seen at "http://plot.db-estate.co.uk". To run the script:

    $ chmod u+x run.sh
    $ ./run.sh

## Files
**run.sh**          
Run

**config.txt**            
Sets a variable for the data directory

**prices.sh**               
Grabs data from:

- The land registry: A list of streets.
- The land registry: Average house prices in a borough.
- Custom data sources.

The script then combines data from these multiple sources into a Single Comma Separated (CSV) file.

**prices.py**      
Reads the file generated by prices.sh then queries a database holding information on the number of bedrooms for a property. Beds data is then added to the CSV file.

**public/index.html**            
Single HTML file with JavaScript that generates the graph.   

## Setup

I am running these scripts on a linux based server. 
The scripts are triggered once per day using systemd based timers.
To set this up, as root, navigate to the script directory and copy the systemd files:

    cp plot-estate.timer /etc/systemd/system/ 
    cp plot-estate.service /etc/systemd/system/
    systemctl enable plot-estate.timer 
    systemctl enable plot-estate.service 
    systemctl start plot-estate.service 
    systemctl start plot-estate.timer 

## License

Copyright (C) 2018 Tom Keene as part of PhD research documented at www.db-estate.co.uk              

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version. This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program. If not, see http://www.gnu.org/licenses/.   
